Get an opportunity to make your Ajax request next step is to make this more dynamic so we want to pick
up the value of this input and pass it along into our Ajax request so let's create a brand new function.
And because ultimately we want to have a number of different functions and all of these functions are
going to be doing AJAX calls.
So this one is going to be doing just a regular javascript function.
So putting all of that information into javascript.
And that's what we're going to actually load this information because within the make request when we
clean this up a bit within the make request we need to account and we need to pick up the or else we
can pass it within the function.
So it's going to be one of the parameters that we're going to pass through is you are l and we can get
rid of that over here because we're going to be passing it into the function.
And what we want to do is we actually want to pick up the value of the URL from our input over here.
So let's do that.
So variable you are l and documents we use Querrey selector again.
So Querrey selector and selecting that value will do in put name equals Ural and then we don't need
to do anything else with that object.
So it just pick up the value there.
And next we're ready to pass it into our function so irritable person that you are well into the function.
So let's try that out.
So a little minor change but it's going to make us more dynamic.
So this way we can actually change the different values there.
So if I change users to three we get user 3 if I change user to 4.
So we're getting whatever you are elsewhere we're putting here and we're getting that output into our
interface.
Another thing that I wanted to add into our project is a really nice output within the the web page.
So instead of having it show up within the console it's going to be nice if we can just see the output
directly within our Web page so we don't even have to open up our con..
So let's create that and we'll create a div.
Call it output and let's make this bigger so we can see the entire content.
And I get to create another function that's going to actually do the output.
And this is going to give me the ability to call this function from my Ajax requests and output some
content into there so that we we know that once we break out of this request the response text is only
available within this condition here and we're not returning it anywhere.
So I wanted to make use of it and actually pull it out into the output so we can do that within this
type of format.
So do output and let's passen some parameters.
So some of the parameters that maybe we want to pass in is the response text so call it response text.
We also maybe want to pass in a status.
And then lastly maybe we want to pass in some H.R. object information and then with an output let's
grab we'll put output into a variable.
So output documents and query selector we can do get element by ID for this one.
Let's do something different.
So get element by id the ID is output.
We don't have to specify the hash because we already know that it is an ID that we're looking for.
And then let's put in our H T and L and equal that to the response text.
And we know that the response text actually is going to be in an object format.
So if we try to output that directly into a web page it's not going to look nice.
So we need to string a fight.
So let's string ify our response text and see what that looks like.
So now we could probably minimize this we still will need our consul for a little bit longer.
But there we go so we see that we're we're actually not passing that information into output quite yet.
So let's update that and to put the first parameter passing in is the response text.
We can also passen are actually our status.
So we get a number there and then this one we can do something like success so we can just pass our
own message into it.
So refresh and let's try that out.
So there we go.
So we're actually outputting that content directly into our web page in a readable format.
And we know that this is coming in as a string value so we don't have to string a fly it again.
And if it's not coming within a string format because some of the libraries we're going to work with
are all about automatically going to convert this into a sun object.
So this could be problematic.
So let's do a little quick fix for that.
So open up our editor and we know that we're getting that content coming in here.
So let's check to see if response text.
And we're going to do a quick check to see if type of this will be one word.
So type of response text.
So if that is equal to a string that we know that it's a string value and we don't have to we don't
have to do anything else with it.
We can just leave it as a string value and if it isn't a string.
So if it's coming in as an object then let's do something with it.
We're going to parse that in.
So do Jaison parse.
So over here what's happening here is if it's coming in and if it's a string then we're going to actually
turn it into an object so that our string of file will work in all cases.
And if Over here it's not a string then we're just going to keep it as is.
And then we're going to string a fight in the output.
So that way we have uniform output and that will get rid of all of those backslashes as well.
So there we go so we can see that that data is being pulled through.
We get our information.
Let's try a different value.
So there we go.
So everything is being output properly and we could also output our status as well.
So it's build data into the application so we know that we're grabbing this information.
So it's going to be relatively easy to simply output that inner H T A L and add to it.
So let's do that and we can do that with the and this one is going to be status.
And then also let's do the last one as well.
So the student ex-teacher.
So even if they're strings we string of them and it looks like they're all going to be strings anyway.
So we're going to string of find them anyway so there's no harm in having this type of format.
Either way it's going to be returned as Jason and also I just wanted to quickly add before we go back
into our age to Mel let's add some styling here.
So it's to span class and I'll give a class of heading
and we'll label it response text so we can actually see what it is.
Know what it is and maybe the side sign data will just output as a paragraph then we need to close off
the HGA now and close off the def and that should be good.
Let's do the same thing for the other ones as well.
So I'm going to just do a quick copy and paste and then we'll update it afterwards.
So this one isn't response text it's status.
And of course you can style it however you want.
And we'll just call this one response because this one we've kind of kept open.
We're over here we're just putting a string value there.
So it just gives us a number of different options of how we can do it.
We might want to just put javascript response so that we know where it's coming from.
Also let's do some quick styling.
I don't want to focus too much time on styling but it'll just make a nicer experience when that content
is being output.
So excited that styling.
So we added in classic headings for those spans.
So within here let's display it as a block and let's give it a width of 100 a quick border so it picks
solid block.
And of course you can customize however you want it to look I give a little bit of color and let's do
the text.
What do the text wait.
And we also want to grab those divs that have a paragraph and let's apply some style into those paragraphs.
And to some something quick.
So it just stands out.
So let's try check this out see what it looks like.
So go back refresh.
And so there we go.
So we got a response text our status and our response content we can actually make this a little bit
smaller as well.
So we can see everything that's coming in.
So great.
So we're ready to move on to the next lesson.
We've got some information coming in there and we know that whenever we update it this will update as
well.
So we see all of that.
Jason Jason we see the status and we see where we sent it.
So javascript actually our object was the one that returned this response.
So go ahead.
Try this out for yourself.
Update your code in order to make it more dynamic picking up that you are Ehle information and then
outputting it within your web page.
So coming up next we're going to spice things up a little bit and we're going to bring in some of the
libraries.
You've got Jay Querrey Ajax and we're also going to be doing acquiesce as well as we're going to be
using fetch as well.
So all of this is coming up.